DOC-2347 Docker: Add note on using different container and volume names (all ver) (#561)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/getting-started/pages/docker.adoc

$ docker run -d -p 14022:22 -p 9000:9000 -p 14240:14240 --name tigergraph --ulimit nofile=1000000:1000000 -t tigergraph/tigergraph:latest
----

[NOTE]

> If you intend to have multiple versions or instances of the same version of TigerGraph in the same Docker environment, make sure that you specify a a different <3> contain name and <6> volume name to avoid collusion and accidental reuse of an earlier volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intend to have multiple instances of TigerGraph in the same Docker environment, whether they are the same version or not, we advise using unique <3> container names and <6> volume names for each one, to avoid accidental reuse or interference between volumes.
```
